Define "defining declaration" and enhance CS0759 compiler error documentation (#47628)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/compiler-messages/partial-declarations.md

When a partial method includes an implementing declaration, both declarations must be identical. Exactly one implementing declaration can be defined.

> **CS0759** occurs when you have an implementing declaration (a partial method with a body) but no corresponding defining declaration (the signature without a body). Every partial method with an implementation must have both:
> 
> 1. A *defining declaration*: the method signature without a body, as mentioned in the [Partial members](#partial-members) section.
> 2. An *implementing declaration*: the method signature with a body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**CS0759** occurs when you have an *implementing declaration* (a partial method with a body) but no corresponding *defining declaration* (the method signature without a body). Every partial method with an implementation must have both declarations.
```

Reviewer: Seemed overly wordy and repetitive.
